README file modified (#45)
nexB/purldb: README.rst

* Postgres 13
* git
* scancode-toolkit runtime dependencies (https://scancode-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting-started/install.html#install-prerequisites)

> * If you are using Ubuntu-20 or Ubuntu-22 LTS  ``sudo apt install libpq-dev``

Reviewer: I think it would help to add some instruction for Fedora
```suggestion
* ``libpq-dev``
    * If you are using Debian or Ubuntu: ``sudo apt install libpq-dev``
    * If you are using Fedora: ``sudo dnf install libpq-devel``
```

Author: Hey @JonoYang can you review now :)

Reviewer: Looks good!
